Fixing some inconsistencies in the interface of the Qiskit wrapper (#67)
cda-tum/qecc: docs/source/EccFramework.rst

  $ ecc_qiskit_wrapper --help
  usage: ecc_qiskit_wrapper [-h] [-m M] [-p P] [-n N] [-s S] -f F [-e E] [-fs FS] [-ecc ECC] [-fq FQ] [-mc MC] [-cf CF]

  Qiskit wrapper for the ECC Framework

  options:
    -h, --help  show this help message and exit
    -m M        Define the error_channels (e.g., -m APD), available errors channels are amplitude damping (A), phase flip (P), bit
                flip (B), and depolarization (D) (Default="D")
    -p P        Set the noise probability (Default=0.001)
    -n N        Set the number of shots for the simulation (Default=2000)
    -s S        Set a seed (Default=0)
    -f F        Path to a OpenQASM file

>     -e E        Export circuit with applied error correction code as OpenQASM circuit instead of simulating it (e.g., -e

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -e E        Export circuit with applied ECC as OpenQASM circuit instead of simulating it (e.g., -e
```

Author: Changed the line as suggested.

                "/path/to/new/openqasm_file") (Default=None)
    -fs FS      Specify a simulator (Default="aer_simulator_stabilizer", which is fast but does not support non-Clifford gates.
                Available: [AerSimulator('aer_simulator'), AerSimulator('aer_simulator_statevector'),
                AerSimulator('aer_simulator_density_matrix'), AerSimulator('aer_simulator_stabilizer'),
                AerSimulator('aer_simulator_matrix_product_state'), AerSimulator('aer_simulator_extended_stabilizer'),
                AerSimulator('aer_simulator_unitary'), AerSimulator('aer_simulator_superop'), QasmSimulator('qasm_simulator'),
                StatevectorSimulator('statevector_simulator'), UnitarySimulator('unitary_simulator'),
                PulseSimulator('pulse_simulator')]

>     -ecc ECC    Specify an ecc to be applied to the circuit. Currently available are "none", "Q3Shor", "Q5Laflamme", "Q7Steane",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -ecc ECC    Specify an ECC to be applied to the circuit. Currently available are "none", "Q3Shor", "Q5Laflamme", "Q7Steane",
```
